hey guys this is come to geek 569 and
today I'll be showing you guys how to
manually custom each eye icon on your
ipod touch so let's say you don't like
an icon or two and you don't want to
change the whole thing to find a nice
icon you can just change that one exact
icon so i'm going to show you guys how
to do that okay so first go to your
internet browser and look for the
picture you want i'm going to be using
this for my installer i'm gonna replace
the install icon with this okay first of
all you need to resize the image and i'm
just going to use preview because i want
a mac just sighs and take that off okay
the width needs to be 60 and the high
needs to be 60 so 60 by 60 pixels that's
how big the picture needs to be so make
sure it's a 60 by 60 so then you save as
and you have to save it to the name
exactly the way it's spill spelled on
your ipod touch if there are any there
any spaces or capitals you have to do
that and i capitalized the I as you guys
can see so that's there so just hit save
okay now I can max out of that and I've
got it right here that's my thing and
rename it really quickly a dot PNG so ed
needs me in whatever the name is dot PNG
okay so just use PNG okay so once you've
gotten out of this car this once you've
gotten that you need to create a new
folder and mine is it's called Nick
needs to be it doesn't matter what it's
called mine is just call new icons but
the folder and you're going to create
another folder inside of it which is
just by side click committed new folder
you have to name it icons with the
capital I so name that and then you drag
your picture in here it's not what I'm
going to I want to put this one in here
okay so that's in there okay now you're
going to need to SSH into your ipod
touch ok once you've connected trap or
touch
you're going to click the up arrow I
believe three times on third time you go
to library and then you go to themes and
you're going to drag that folder you
have minds behind the thing into themes
mine's already in there so like I'll
show you guys it mine is called new
icons right there it's right there and I
already have it but I'm just going to
drag the picture into it so like since I
already have the folder i'll just draw
drag the individual picture into it that
over here so you click on new icons and
make sure it's called icons these are
the 2 i'm going to get rid of that one
sorry i was testing something earlier ok
and this is my picture I want sure I get
right there ok once you have it
downloaded on your ipod touch you can
just x out of your um SSH and just for
the note on my use cyberduck so if you
guys need a way Tessa's age just use
cyberduck ok I'm gonna switch over to my
ipod touch to show you guys what to do
from there
okay once you've ssh to your folder into
your iPod Touch you're going to go to
winterboard so let me quickly go to one
or more the top right there sorry right
there okay once you open your winter
bored you should see mine is called new
icons like I said and make sure it's
checked so I'm going to uncheck and then
check it because mine's already checked
and then when you click the home button
your springboard should restart you guys
can see that rotating ball right there
I'll come back once it's started oh now
the ipod touch has finished restarting
let me open it up and take you to the
installer icon you guys look next to
cydia there's installer you should see
the little picture ahead so yeah that is
how you manually customize specific
icons on your ipod touch on it must be
jailbroken ones running a two-point 2.1
firmware and you must you must be able
to ssh into your ipod touch hope you
guys enjoyed this video and if you guys
have any comments questions just put
them in the comment box thanks for
watching and have a good day